that year
If it weren't for the fact that that bitch is of immortal blood
How could I possibly marry her?
That bitch must have talent
Strength has long rushed
Born to be robbed
If I hadn't used some special means
Even the land of the dead
It's hard to cross the river.
Xie Xuanxi
You are despicable and shameless
How to fix
I tell you you will die today
No one can save you.
Your women are also Lao Tzu's
For the sake of you being a wonderland
I wanted to keep it, you thought my Ye family was beautiful
Since you don't know how to die
I have no reason to give me another life
Nie Chenxi
I want you to pay with blood today
Hahahahaha
Let me pay with blood
Then it depends on whether you have the ability.
Even if you have the strength of the Wonderland of Red Dust, what can you do?
I got it from that bitch too
Immortal right
It's you who I see dead today, right?
Are you okay?
Your concubine
What is your calling?
As early as three years ago
I have reached the state of mind
have a chance
You can break through to the saint realm